
1-AZ-204: Create Azure App Service web apps
	1- Explore Azure App Service
		Describe Azure App Service key components and value.
		Explain how Azure App Service manages authentication and authorization.
		Identify methods to control inbound and outbound traffic to your web app.
		Deploy an app to App Service using Azure CLI commands.
	2- Configure web app settings
		Create application settings that are bound to deployment slots.
		Explain the options for installing SSL/TLS certificates for your app.
		Enable diagnostic logging for your app to aid in monitoring and debugging.
		Create virtual app to directory mappings.
	3- Scale apps in Azure App Service
		Identify scenarios for which autoscaling is an appropriate solution.
		Create autoscaling rules for a web app.
		Monitor the effects of autoscaling.
	4- Explore Azure App Service deployment slots
		Describe the benefits of using deployment slots.
		Understand how slot swapping operates in App Service.
		Perform manual swaps and enable auto swap.
		Route traffic manually and automatically.
	

2-AZ-204: Implement Azure Functions
	1- Explore Azure Functions
		Explain functional differences between Azure Functions, Azure Logic Apps, and WebJobs
		Describe Azure Functions hosting plan options
		Describe how Azure Functions scale to meet business needs
	2- Develop Azure Functions
		Explain the key components of a function and how they are structured
		Create triggers and bindings to control when a function runs and where the output is directed
		Connect a function to services in Azure
		Create a function by using Visual Studio Code and the Azure Functions Core Tools
	3- Implement Durable Functions
		Explain the key components of a function and how they are structured
		Create triggers and bindings to control when a function runs and where the output is directed
		Connect a function to services in Azure
		Create a function by using Visual Studio Code and the Azure Functions Core Tools


3-AZ-204: Develop solutions that use Blob storage
	1- Explore Azure Blob storage
		Identify the different types of storage accounts and the resource hierarchy for blob storage.
		Explain how data is securely stored and protected through redundancy.
		Create a block blob storage account by using the Azure Cloud Shell.
	2- Manage the Azure Blob storage lifecycle
		Describe how each of the access tiers are optimized.
		Create and implement a lifecycle policy.
		Rehydrate blob data stored in an archive tier.
	3- Work with Azure Blob storage
		Create an application to create and manipulate data by using the Azure Storage client library for Blob storage.
		Manage container properties and metadata by using .NET and REST.


4-AZ-204: Develop solutions that use Azure Cosmos DB
	1- Explore Azure Cosmos DB
		Identify the key benefits provided by Azure Cosmos DB
		Describe the elements in an Azure Cosmos DB account and how they are organized
		Explain the different consistency levels and choose the correct one for your project
		Explore the APIs supported in Azure Cosmos DB and choose the appropriate API for your solution
		Describe how request units impact costs
		Create Azure Cosmos DB resources by using the Azure portal.

	2- Implement partitioning in Azure Cosmos DB
		Describe the differences between logical and physical partitions
		Choose the appropriate partition key for your solution
		Create a synthetic partition key
		
	3- Work with Azure Cosmos DB
		Identify classes and methods used to create resources
		Create resources by using the Azure Cosmos DB .NET v3 SDK
		Write stored procedures, triggers, and user-defined functions by using JavaScript

5-AZ-204: Implement infrastructure as a service solutions
	1- Provision virtual machines in Azure
		Describe the design considerations for creating a virtual machine to support your apps needs.
		Explain the different availability options for Azure VMs.
		Describe the VM sizing options.
		Create an Azure VM by using the Azure CLI.
	2- Create and deploy Azure Resource Manager templates
		Describe what role Azure Resource Manager (ARM) has in Azure and the benefits of using ARM templates.
		Explain what happens when ARM templates are deployed and how to structure them to support your solution.
		Create a template with conditional resource deployments.
		Choose the correct deployment mode for your solution.
		Create and deploy an ARM template by using Visual Studio Code.
	3- Manage container images in Azure Container Registry
		Explain the features and benefits Azure Container Registry offers.
		Describe how to use ACR Tasks to automate builds and deployments.
		Explain the elements in a Dockerfile.
		Build and run an image in the ACR by using Azure CLI.
	4- Run container images in Azure Container Instances
		Describe the benefits of Azure Container Instances and how resources are grouped.
		Deploy a container instance in Azure by using the Azure CLI.
		Start and stop containers using policies.
		Set environment variables in your container instances.
		Mount file shares in your container instances.
		
6-AZ-204: Implement user authentication and authorization
	1- Explore the Microsoft identity platform
		Identify the components of the Microsoft identity platform.
		Describe the three types of service principals and how they relate to application objects.
		Explain how permissions and user consent operate, and how conditional access impacts your application.
	2- Implement authentication by using the Microsoft Authentication Library
		Explain the benefits of using Microsoft Authentication Library and the application types and scenarios it supports.
		Instantiate both public and confidential client apps from code.
		Register an app with the Microsoft identity platform.
		Create an app that retrieves a token by using the MSAL.NET library.
	3- Implement shared access signatures
		Identify the three types of shared access signatures.
		Explain when to implement shared access signatures.
		Create a stored access policy.
	4- Explore Microsoft Graph
		Explain the benefits of using Microsoft Graph.
		Perform operations on Microsoft Graph by using REST and SDKs.
		Apply best practices to help your applications get the most out of Microsoft Grap

7-AZ-204: Implement secure cloud solutions
	1- Implement Azure Key Vault
		Describe the benefits of using Azure Key Vault
		Explain how to authenticate to Azure Key Vault
		Set and retrieve a secret from Azure Key Vault by using the Azure CLI
	2- Implement managed identities
		Explain the differences between the two types of managed identities
		Describe the flows for user- and system-assigned managed identities
		Configure managed identities
		Acquire access tokens by using REST and code
	3- Implement Azure App Configuration
		Explain the benefits of using Azure App Configuration
		Describe how Azure App Configuration stores information
		Implement feature management
		Securely access your app configuration information

8- AZ-204: Implement API Management
	1-Explore API Management
		Describe the components (and their functions) of the API Management service.
		Explain how API gateways can help manage calls to your APIs.
		Secure access to APIs by using subscriptions and certificates.
		Create a backend API.

9- AZ-204: Develop event-based solutions
	1- Explore Azure Event Grid
		Describe how Event Grid operates and how it connects to services and event handlers.
		Explain how Event Grid delivers events and how it handles errors.
		Implement authentication and authorization.
		Route custom events to web endpoint by using Azure CLI.
	2- Explore Azure Event Hubs
		Describe the benefits of using Event Hubs and how it captures streaming data.
		Explain how to process events.
		Perform common operations with the Event Hubs client library.

10- AZ-204: Develop message-based solutions
	1- Discover Azure message queues
		Choose the appropriate queue mechanism for your solution.
		Explain how the messaging entities that form the core capabilities of Service Bus operate.
		Send and receive message from a Service Bus queue by using .NET.
		Identify the key components of Azure Queue Storage
		Create queues and manage messages in Azure Queue Storage by using .NET.

11- AZ-204: Instrument solutions to support monitoring and logging
	1- Monitor app performance
		Explain how Azure Monitor operates as the center of monitoring in Azure.
		Describe how Application Insights works and how it collects events and metrics.
		Instrument an app for monitoring, perform availability tests, and use Application Map to help you monitor performance and troubleshoot issues.
		
12- AZ-204: Integrate caching and content delivery within solutions
	1-AZ-204: Integrate caching and content delivery within solutions
		At least one year of experience developing scalable solutions through all phases of software development.
		Have a base understanding of Azure and cloud concepts, services, and the Azure portal.
		If you are new to Azure or cloud computing it is recommended you complete the AZ-900: Azure Fundamentals course.
